minor swyx dec updates (#374)
typescript-cheatsheets/react: docs/basic/getting-started/class-components.md

[View in the TypeScript Playground](https://www.typescriptlang.org/play/?jsx=2#code/JYWwDg9gTgLgBAJQKYEMDG8BmUIjgcilQ3wFgAoCtAGxQGc64BBMMOJADxiQDsATRsnQwAdAGFckHrxgAeAN4U4cEEgYoA5kgBccOjCjAeGgNwUAvgD44i8sshHuUXTwCuIAEZIoJuAHo-OGpgAGskOBgAC2A6JTg0SQhpHhgAEWA+AFkIVxSACgBKGzjlKJiRBxTvOABeOABmMzs4cziifm9C4ublIhhXKB44PJLlOFk+YAA3S1GxmzK6CpwwJdV1LXM4FH4F6KXKp1aesdk-SZnRgqblY-MgA)

[Something to add? File an issue](https://github.com/typescript-cheatsheets/react-typescript-cheatsheet/issues/new).

## Typing getDerivedStateFromProps

> Before you start using `getDerivedStateFromProps`, please go through the [documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-component.html#static-getderivedstatefromprops) and [You Probably Don't Need Derived State](https://reactjs.org/blog/2018/06/07/you-probably-dont-need-derived-state.html). Derived State can be easily achieved using hooks which can also help set up memoization easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start using `getDerivedStateFromProps`, please go through the [documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-component.html#static-getderivedstatefromprops) and [You Probably Don't Need Derived State](https://reactjs.org/blog/2018/06/07/you-probably-dont-need-derived-state.html). Derived State can be implemented using hooks which can also help set up memoization.
```
